[THEME MUSIC]
>> All right, so now what I'm
going to talk to you about is
the alchemical process.
The alchemical process
is very complicated,
but it can be summarized
down into some key points.
And so I'm going to
talk about these points,
and I'm going to show
you how this related
to the ancient Egyptian
myths of the god Osiris
and how this relates to
all of this technology
that we're finding in Egypt.
All right.
So according to the alchemists,
alchemical traditions,
they said that our
chemical process is first
begun by studying the
classical elements.
The classical elements were
earth, water, air, and fire,
with a fifth element known as
the aether, or the quintessence.
In modern vernacular, we would
call it the quantum field.
This is what all the
elements percolate out of.
But these states of matter, of
earth, water, air, and fire,
in modern language, we could say
they relate to solids, liquids,
gases, and plasma, and that they
all develop out of each other.
If you think of a match,
if you light a match,
the match is a physical
thing, so that would be Earth.
As it's lit, there
is perspiration
that starts to come off of it,
or water, as the oils come out
of the match.
Those oils catch on fire.
Obviously there's the air.
In fact, you can even see
a space between the match
and the fire, an air space.
And then fire-- going to fire.
So it goes from most
dense to least dense.
In the alchemical
language though,
these also related to
states of purification
through the alchemical process.
So the Earth would
represent the raw element
that you were working with,
that you started with,
whether that be herbs
or metals or minerals,
but something that was
collected from the Earth itself.
Then the first stage
that you had to do
was something that was
referred to as digestion.
You had to put this
substance in a vessel that
had a liquid in it that would
help to digest or break down
that material body.
And depending on what body
you started with, this would--
the liquid then that
you had to use to digest
would be different.
I mean, so for example, an herb,
you might use an alcohol or even
water to digest it, whereas if
you're working with a metal,
you'd have to use an acid.
Or certain minerals,
But either way, it was
some sort of a liquid,
and the herb would digest it.
The air was associated
with distillation.
Air distillation
process is, that liquid
then you heat it and
turn it into a gas.
And that gas usually
flies up and then
is captured in another vessel.
The elements of that gas are
then captured in another vessel.
This is just like how we
distill alcohol, right?
We have all of
these ingredients.
We put some sugar in
there, some yeast,
and it starts to produce gas.
And this gas can then
go and be captured.
And if we heat it,
that's literally
where we get the alcohol to
come over into another vessel.
So air was associated
with distillation
because the liquid turned
into a gas, into an air.
And then the last
stage was calcination,
and this is where you
took the original Earth
body after all the elements
and minerals and everything had
been leached out of it through
digestion and distillation.
And what you had left over
at the bottom of the flask
was this substance that
the alchemists sometimes
referred to it as
feces, because it looked
and smelled like shit, right?
But this remnant,
after everything
had been leached out of it,
had to then be calcinated down.
Now, it was subjected to fire.
It was put in a crucible,
and this would then
turn the substance
eventually into an ash.
And out of those ashes could
then be extracted a secret salt.
And that secret salt, there
was both a soluble salt
and an insoluble salt.
And the soluble salt was
usually the minerals associated
with that herb or whatever
you were working on.
The insoluble
salts were actually
the manna, the hidden
manna, this white powder
that we'll get into.
This process was adopted
by religious traditions
all over the world.
The Gnostics set up baptisms.
And so these, on
the left here, you
see some of the words associated
with in the Gnostic tradition.
So they said someone who
is born into the earth, who
had no knowledge
of anything else
but just the physical world,
they referred to them as hylics,
and they were associated
with the Earth.
These were people that were
totally obsessed with material
things, and that's it.
They think that's
all there is to life.
These are the people
who look forward
to having sex and a good bowel
movement, and that's about it.
Then collecting as many toys as
they can get before they die,
and that's it.
They don't think
any deeper about it.
But the Gnostics had initiation,
and the Templar tradition
preserved this, and you find
this also within the Egyptian,
which we'll talk about,
was about taking people
from this earth level
and then initiating them
through a baptism by water
into this next level, which
was known as the psychic
level, or the hearers.
And what this
represented, the water
represented the emotions,
the emotional body.
And the Templar said that--
within the Templar tradition,
within the initiatic tradition,
the Gnostic tradition,
that water, again,
represented the emotions
and that those emotions
have an energy to it, right?
And that most people,
they get really emotional,
and they just drown
in their emotions.
They waste their
emotional energy.
In fact, that's literally
where the term drowning
in your emotions comes from.
You're drowning in the water.
So the goal of this
first level was
to learn to be able
to walk on water.
This didn't mean you were
actually walking on water.
What it meant is, can you
stabilize your emotions
so that you can stand on
them and use that energy
to bring about
transformation in the world?
So this was the first
stage of the initiate.
Sometimes they would refer to
it as subduing the passions.
Can you subdue your passions?
Not get rid of your
passions, but instead,
use it as an energy
for transformation.
Once someone had
done that, then they
would receive the next level of
initiation, which was referred
to as the pneumatic stage.
Pneumatic had to do with air
and it had to do with the mind.
So there was usually
a baptism of air,
and then the person
was instructed
to start to develop their mind.
Not to just memorize
facts so they
could be good at Trivial
Pursuit or whatever,
but rather, it was
believed at this stage,
that they began to
study the liberal arts
and sciences with the purpose of
learning to recognize that there
is an order to all creation
and that everything appears
to be separate and distinct.
At this stage, they were trying
to bring it together back
into oneness.
In the myths of Osiris,
he's chopped up.
He's the vegetation god.
He's green.
He's chopped up.
He's thrown in the
Nile, baptism of water.
And then Isis goes, and she
collects the pieces of Osiris.
And she turns
herself into a bird
and flies around
him, getting air.
And she puts the
pieces back together.
She brings it back
into the oneness.
So this was the goal
of this stage, right?
And it's really the
goal of science,
if we want to be honest.
I mean, the whole
science wouldn't
exist unless we believed
there was a greater
order to our universe, right?
So the whole purpose
of science is
to learn to break down the
parts and then put them
back together into
a greater order
so we understand the greater
order to the universe.
To the alchemists, they believe
that all reality was existing
within a mind of the creator.
I'll say that again.
The alchemists believed that
all reality that we perceive
and that we touch
and we interact with
is actually within the
mind of the creator.
It's kind of matrixy, right?
But it was because they believed
that if you were the creator
and you were all
that was, that means
there was nothing outside of
yourself in the beginning.
And the only way you
could create then
if there's nothing outside
of yourself to create with,
the only way that you could
create was within your own mind.
And therefore, all creation is
within the mind of the creator.
And just as we're a
microcosm of that macrocosm,
so just as our
thoughts can change,
the creator's
thoughts can change.
And hence, why we have change
in the world all the time.
But the goal-- the alchemists
believed the goal of that was--
and the Gnostics believed
that the goal of that
was to get us to the
point where we're also
at the same type of mind
state with the creator.
And that was referred
to as the Christos,
the universal consciousness
that they're trying to get to.
And that's why the
Sophia, the wisdom,
the universal-- the
individual soul,
had to wed with that
universal consciousness.
So this was the air stage.
And then finally, the
fire stage was the gnosis.
And usually what happened to
the Gnostics between this stage
and this stage is they
symbolically killed
the candidate,
because it represented
the dying to your old lower
self, your old attachment
to the physical world.
And then they raise them to
a new life and a new light
of understanding with
the idea that they then
understood the oneness of
how everything went together.
So this was the initiatic
process, but it was also--
it was based on the
alchemical process,
and it was just adopted
in different ways.
Now within the
Egyptian tradition,
this is the god Osiris up here.
He's painted green because he
represents the vegetation state.
In fact, this is really
the origin of the Green Man
that's found on the
cathedrals and chapels
and such around Europe.
It was based on Osiris
being the vegetation god.
There are two plants in
Egypt that the Egyptians were
working with alchemically and
that the Templars learned about.
The first is this
thorny plant that you'll
see growing around
all the monuments,
and its scientific
name is Dichapetalum.
When you do these
processes, these alchemical
processes to this
plant, what you're
able to extract out of that
plant is hydrofluoric acid.
This is one of the great
secrets in the ancient world.
Hydrofluoric acid eats
through everything.
In fact, the only things
it doesn't eat through
are gold and beeswax.
So the Egyptians figured out
that they could create a--
they could take a
granite structure,
they could put a
beeswax template on it,
and then they
could create a wash
with this hydrofluoric acid.
And the hydrophilic
acid would eat away
at the silica in the granite,
and they could create--
they could shape the granite,
and they could cut the granite
with this process.
And they could also create
an etching on the granite.
So this is how they were
etching these granite structures
with the hydrofluoric
acid from this plant.
By the way, this is something
the Templar tradition
has known for a long time.
I just presented this to the
Egyptian antiquities this year.
They were blown away by
it, because they had always
known that a bunch
of these monuments
had evidence of melting of the
stone and also had evidence of--
they found a number of these
monuments that still had beeswax
on them, and they
couldn't figure out
what the Egyptians were doing,
putting beeswax on these things.
Well, this is why.
Because the beeswax stops
the hydrofluoric acid
that you can extract
from this plant.
The other plant that's
found throughout Egypt
is the tamarisk, and the
tamarisk is full of manna.
It's also full of
dimethyltryptamine,
otherwise known as DMT.
And so when you do the
alchemical processes
to this plant, it actually--
you can ex-- the soluble salts
that you extract out is the DMT.
The insoluble salts
that you extract out
is this manna, OK,
this white powder.
This is what the
Egyptians were doing.
And so the Egyptian myths,
Osiris, the Green Man,
he goes to his birthday party,
and his brother Seth tricks him,
throws him in a coffin, and
cuts him into a bunch of pieces,
chops him up.
And then he's thrown
into the Nile.
The goddess Isis
goes out to find him.
The goddess Isis turns
herself into a bird,
flies around him,
reassembles him.
And then she lights
oil lamps and incense,
and she raises him back to life.
Well, this is the
alchemical process,
and we're going to talk about
that some more, but specifically
related to these two plants.
Remember those.
So in the alchemical process,
the first thing you do
is you collect
whatever you're going
to be working with by
its roots, the herb,
because there are oils that are
saved within the roots of that.
And you grind it up
into little bits.
And then you put it in a
vessel, and you put that vessel
into something that's
referred to as a sand bath.
And what it is, is just
a pot with sand in it.
And you heat it,
underneath the pot.
And what it does is
it causes the oils
to start to separate from
the herb into the liquid
through that heat.
Because it's in the sand, it
causes an equal distribution
of heat.
So it doesn't scorch the oils.
So this is the first stage
of the alchemical process
that was associated with water.
It was associated
with digestion.
This is a modern vessel in
the sand doing the same thing.
And here is an Egyptian
depiction of, of course,
the pieces of Osiris.
This is what it's depicting
as the digestion stage.
You grind it up, you put
it into different pieces,
put it in the vessel, and
you allow it to digest,
just like Osiris
was put in the Nile.
At first, your green herb
will start to turn brownish.
After further heat, the herb
at the bottom of the liquid
will start to turn black.
And once this has
happened, the Alchemist
knows that the first stage
of the process is done.
It's referred to as caput
mortem, which means dead head.
So this is the first stage
of the alchemical process.
With further heat
then, the liquid
itself starts to turn reddish.
So you still have the black
caput mortuum at the bottom,
but the liquid itself above
it will start to turn reddish.
And this is when they know the
first stage, the caput mortuum,
is done, because it
went from black to red.
Well, it went from
green to black to red.
So the next stage then
is, you take this liquid,
and you distill it.
So over here on the
left, here's the vessel.
It gets heated up.
That liquid turns into a steam.
It goes up to the
top, and then it
condenses down into
another liquid area where
it becomes white or clear-ish.
So we've gone from green
to black to red to white.
And the first with
the distillation.
This is an ancient
Athanor temple.
This is a depiction
from the 1600s.
You can see the alchemists
here praying at it.
And the same operation
would be done.
The vessel would be put
down here, be heated up.
Distillation will occur, and
it would be collected up here
at the top of the tower.
But he's praying because God is
always a part of the equation.
This is the difference between
chemistry and alchemistry.
In alchemy, the belief is that
god is a part of the process,
because it's all
happening within his mind.
So to bring about
true transformation,
there had to be a connection
between the alchemist
and that universal
consciousness that he was trying
to infuse into the process.
But here's another example.
Again, the vessel
would be heated up.
The liquid would fly
up here to the top,
and then it would go
down into a new vessel.
And here, this is an alchemical
diagram from Michael Maier from
the 1600s.
See the same thing
happening here.
But at the top of the athanor,
the tower, is an owl, a bird.
So the alchemists regularly
represented this distillation
process with birds.
And of course, in
the story of Osiris,
Osiris had been chopped up.
He'd been thrown into
the Nile, and then Isis
turns herself into a bird and
flies over him to reassemble him
in this new form.
This is representative
of distillation.
Finally, after you distilled
all the liquids out of it,
what you had at the bottom
of the flask was this--
or known as the bowels
of the experiment
or also the feces
of the experiment,
was this leftover remnant
of what the herb was.
Well, the alchemists
said then, you
had to take this, the bowels
or the feces, this bottom part,
and you had to burn it to ashes.
So here, this is from
an alchemical diagram
from Michael Maier from 1618.
You see a wolf eating the
bowels of the king, who
represented the herb.
And then in the
background, you see
the wolf being burnt to ashes.
So when you do this, at first,
you get a black charcoal.
And then with further heat,
you get a reddish ash.
Again, noticing these color
changes again, black, red.
What do you think
the next one is?
It's white.
What the alchemists
would then do
is they would take these
ashes, these reddish ashes,
and they would cook
them in an acid.
Now, the ancient
Egyptians, the acid
was the acid that
they were extracting
from the Dichapetalum,
that thorny plant
that you find growing
over by all the monuments
there in Egypt.
That acid was perfect
for cooking the ashes in,
because what it does
is it breaks down
the bonds, the carbon
bonds, of the ash,
and it liberates
out this white manna
that is contained within it.
So what happens is, first,
you cook it in the acid.
You filter it.
And then, through
a special process,
you're able to get the manna
to precipitate out of it,
which was the secret salt.
And then it settles
into the mound,
that same mound
shape that you find
on the Egyptian hieroglyphs.
And then after
you cleaned it, it
settles at the bottom
of the container.
Just clean it with
distilled water.
And then you can dry it
out, and you have cocaine.
Not really.
It's not cocaine, yeah.
You have this manna.
You're able to
extract this manna.
And what this manna is, is
it's-- we now know what it is,
is it's actually
monoatomic metals,
platinum metals in
a monoatomic state.
Most metals bind
with other things.
But what we have
here, it's actually--
each grain of this
powder is one atom.
And what happens is the outer
valence ring of the electron--
the outer valence
ring of the atom
becomes completely
captured by the nucleus.
It enters-- if you want
to get technical about it,
the two outer electrons
enter into what's
known as a Cooper
pair, which causes it
to go into a high-spin state.
And when that happens, it
becomes completely captured
by the nucleus of the atom and
it doesn't bind with anything.
And it takes on this new form.
It's white because it's
in a high-spin state.
The atom, it's spinning.
The electrons are
spinning so fast
that it just
refracts light, which
is why it appears as white.
This substance is
super conductive.
And two-- I'll just
mention two things about it
that are significant.
One is it seems to--
just like platinum metals
are used in chemotherapy,
but because they're in
a heavy metal state,
it poisons the body and
the person gets very sick.
But it can help kill the cancer.
Well, when platinum metals
are in a monoatomic state.
It's a totally
different nature and it
doesn't hurt the body at all.
In fact, it heals
the body without any
of those negative side effects.
And so the Mayo Clinic is
actually looking into this right
now.
So the Egyptians would
eat this for health,
and it was believed
that this was something
that they'd inherited, again,
from this Atlantean tradition.
The other property
of this substance
is, if you subject it to a weak
electrostatic field, which is
what the ark had, it causes--
if you are to have
a container filled
with this monoatomics, the same
container filled with nothing,
the container filled
with the monoatomics
will weigh less than the
container filled with nothing
when it's subjected to a
weak electrostatic field.
So there's levitation occurring.
And in fact, some people
believe even the ark--
if you remember,
even in the bible,
the ark was this
giant gold box that
would have weighed
a couple of tons,
and yet two people could
carry it with rods.
Well, that doesn't make sense.
Makes sense, though,
when you know
that there's manna in the ark
and it has these suggestions.
And of course, the people
that guarded the arks
were the Levites.
So some people
believe this is really
where the word levitation,
that word, comes from.
So anyhow, this white
powder was a big deal.
The last stage of the alchemical
process, according to tradition,
was that white powder could then
be put through another process,
and it would turn red.
And at that point, it became
known as the red lion.
And it was said to
have all of the healing
properties of the original
manna, the original monoatomics,
but it was brought
to another level.
So it actually
was super healing,
and it also raised
consciousness in the person.
And we find that in the
story of Osiris as well.
Sekhmet, the goddess
Sekhmet, the lioness,
she was known for healing.
She also known for war.
But one of the things she
was known was for healing,
but she was she worked
with Isis to raise Osiris.
And here we have--
this is actually from the
1300s-- an alchemical diagram.
You see this red lion
with wings because he's
raising the alchemist.
This is that state
of the red lion.
Again, all goes back to Egypt.
And this was something that the
Templars brought into Europe.
Now, we find this
not only-- and this
is where I'm going to kind
of wrap up and conclude.
This tradition, this
alchemical tradition,
that the Templars found
definitely within Egypt.
And it had been
passed down to groups
like the Sabians and the Druze
and the Sufi, these groups
in the Middle East that the
Templars established connections
with and learned from.
But it's also found
within Eastern traditions.
In fact, this is a
Tibetan mantra chant
of Om Mani Padme Hum.
You may have heard
of this before.
Om is the word of creation.
Mani is the precious stone
or the precious jewel.
The Mani is the manna.
Padme is the crown lotus
and Hum is completion.
So they're saying
through the word
and the precious white stone
and the opening of the lotus,
this is the completion
towards enlightenment,
or what in the Western
tradition we refer to as gnosis.
Just so we're clear, this
substance, this white substance,
is found all over
the ancient world,
and it's pretty much
known by the same name.
So in ancient Sumerian, for
example, the grail science,
or the alchemical science in
ancient Sumer was referred
to as GRA.AL, G-R-A-dot-A-L.
That was literally the name
of the alchemical
science in ancient Sumer.
And of course,
this is the origin
of the word grail, the Holy
Grail, which the Templars were
known for guarding.
But this grail science
in ancient Sumer
produced something that
was known as the Shemanna.
And the Shemanna was
not only a substance
that the gods, the Anunnaki,
used to extend their lives
and raise their consciousness,
but they also used it
in their flying vehicles.
Well, once you understand how
those monoatomics can produce
levitation, of
course, they would
use that in their vehicles.
So that's ancient Sumer.
In the Vedic tradition,
the alchemical science
was known as
Rasayana, and it was
used to produce something
known as Vimanna.
So instead of
Shemanna, it's Vimanna.
Same thing, though.
Same substance, same qualities.
In the Tibetan tradition,
it was known as Mani
or Cintamani, Chintamani.
The Polynesian tradition
referred to it as Mana.
Again, same substance.
The Hebrew, Christian
tradition called it Manna.
The Albigensian
Cathar tradition,
of which the
Templars came out of,
referred to it as Manni-sola.
And then in the Egyptian, it
was referred to as Gradal.
But that's what held the
Mfktz, or the white cake,
this white, gold
substance that's
found within the treasure
houses and was found within all
of those giant boxes.
So King Solomon, in the
midst of the "Kebra Nagast,"
he had a flying aerial carriage
that he would fly from Jerusalem
to Ethiopia in.
And it said-- the
text actually says
that he could fly
within a couple of hours
what would normally take people
several weeks to travel on foot.
But King Solomon, of
course, was also known for--
he built Solomon's
temple to hold the ark,
and the ark was created
to hold the manna.
So you have an idea of
what was going on there.
So all these things are
alluding to the same ideas.
Which means that they all
inherited this knowledge
from somewhere else.
Whether that be
UFOs or Atlanteans,
the point is, these
are different cultures
in different parts of
the world, and they
are talking about the exact same
thing, the exact same alchemical
science.
And this is part of what the
Templars sought out to find.
[THEME MUSIC]